.TH pass-extension-meta 1 "2018 October 29" "Version 1.0.0" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
pass-extension-meta - a password-store extension to retrieve meta-data properties from password files

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pass
meta
[options]
[
.I pass-name
]
[
.I property-name
]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION

.BR pass(1)
proposes a format to store meta data in the password file.  The
password is stored in the first line followed by data like the URL,
username and other meta data in the following lines.
.B pass-extension-meta
is an extension for  
.BR pass(1)
that allows users to retrieve specific meta-data values from a
password file. The passwordfile itself is given by
.I pass-name
, and the property to search for is given by
.I property-name
, unless either -u or -U are specified. By default, property names are case
insensitive and only the first matching value is returned.

It is assumed that property names are separated from values by a colon (:).

If no property matching the given property-name is not found, the
command returns nothing. But if you don't specify a property to search
for, a list of all the property names is returned.




.SH OPTIONS
.IP -a
Print all matching values
.IP -c
Copy the result to the clipboard instead of printing it.
.IP -u
Search for a username. This will find properties called
.I user
,
.I username
, or
.I login
 .

.IP -U
Search for a url. This will find properties called
.I url
,
.I Url
, 
.I http
, etc.

.IP -C
Do a case-sensitive search.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pass (1)

.SH AUTHOR
rjekker


.SH HOME
.I https://github.com/rjekker/pass-extension-meta


.SH REPORTING BUGS
.I https://github.com/rjekker/pass-extension-meta/issues

.SH LICENSE
Copyright \(co 2018 rjekker
.PP
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
